yeah what up guys is jocks lay here and
I just found a really cool site that I
want to share with you guys it finds the
first time a word or phrase it was
tweeted and as a guy that likes Snickers
I figured I'd look up some of the words
that sneakerheads use a lot today and
see when was the first time those words
were actually used so here is my first
time tweet sneaker list first word I
started out with was air jordan our
phrase i should say his air jordan and
the first account to tweet those two
words was Cena news which appears to be
some sort of Chinese forum site they
just so happen to be talking about an
air jordan 3 that looks like it's a
great school colorway i honestly don't
remember what color this is or this
shoot but it was tweeted back on AP 2007
next up is adidas this tweet was sent
out on May twenty-fifth 2006 by at Sarah
apparently she saw someone in a black
adidas suit with fluorescent green
stripes not sure she was like a witness
to a crime or judging the co-worker or
something like that but she was the
first tweeted back in two thousand six
of course that brings us to Nike and
their first tweet came from a guy named
Michael on July 16 2016 was in
California looking for a pair of shoes
in Newport Beach which seems pretty
honest he seems like he's a runner
because he was looking for a pair of the
nike+ itune shoes and kit now thinking
let's look for something different so I
looked up the word swag backward first
appeared on sep tember 24 2006 my god
named Bob who actually has the at Bob
Twitter handle that's pretty awesome
based on the street he meant it more
than traditional sense and not the way
that the word is used today meaning cool
so then I switches technology and looked
for iphone this time it was by a guy
named Jack who actually has the jack
Twitter handle as well who managed to
make Steve Jobs hyphy and iPhone all in
the same sin it's pretty awesome if you
ask me and that all happened back in
September 26 of 2006 even though the
iphone wasn't introduced until january
of 2007 fun fact Apple actually released
a version of itunes back in September of
2006 with the reference to an
as-yet-unknown mobile phone that could
display pictures and video and finally I
went back to sneakers and search the
word sneakerheads the first time this
one popped up was on october 20th of
2007 from Kate Roush who was trying to
deny her sneakerheads this and her love
for high snow
of course there are a ton of more things
that you can actually search for and I
actually let the people over at
soulcollector know about the site and
they created a full article all about
sneakers in the first time like Jordan
and the whole bunch of stuff like that
so make sure you check out that article
if you haven't already I'll add a link
down below and I'll also give you a link
to the site and then let me know down in
the comments which words you searched up
and what were your results now if you
haven't already be sure to follow me
over on snapchat Twitter Instagram and
Vine and all that stuff they're all
under the name Cousteau also hit that
subscribe button if you want to show me
a little love I am Jacques slate and
thanks for going back in history with me
just a little bit as always I appreciate
you guys and girls and I'll see you soon
be so how it goes back okay alright so
these are the shoes that this shoe is
made after so this is a different color
so let's put that right there put these
over here ok so this shoe is the air
jordan 3 see it